How's the site preparation going?
Everything is ready
How did it go so well today?
The two of them are so honest
None of the celebrities invited by the classmates have arrived yet.
Then call and urge it.
But they all said someone told them
What is the delay in the event?
To contact other stars
Who has time, let him come over quickly
Everything that Sister Chao can contact has been contacted.
They say there's no time for any.
What should I do? There are still so many people in the audience.
You go to stabilize the audience first, okay?
But what about the guests?
I'll figure it out. Okay.
Don't waste your time.
They can't come.
It was you.
Aren't you very proud?
So many people came today
No star
I see how you end up